All right welcome back my students.
So it's time for us to start creating a really cool HD of male form using lour of them.
OK the way we did it right here is basically without any functions we're going to be using functions
prevail functions to open up forms to create input fields in and do all kinds of crazy really cool advanced
stuff we love.
OK so let me show you how to do that first of all.
Well we're going to do is we're going to be installing a package.
And once we install that package then we can use this functionality OK.
So let's go and open up a browser and let's look for it in Chrome.
OK and so low chrome or whatever you're using as a browser.
I recommend Krown all the time.
So I'm going to start typing in Claribel.
Eliminate the e-mail.
This is where we got to go.
All right.
And we have a gate up there where we can go and find out more information about it.
We have it in package just and let me see if I can find the right type the right website for it.
They just click here.
And this is where this is the form itself.
We're going to be using service provider to all this but I want the Web site.
So let's call back real quick and let's just write collective OK and we go on collective.
There we go.
This is it right here.
OK.
And here you have all the information you need about specific form OK.
Now I'm going to try to pull this link saying every section where you know every time I complete a section
if you want more information should look all the way to the bottom of the section or the last lecture
of the section where you would have a link there to resources.
And you know more information into the command station.
All right so if we wanna install this mail
package try let's do require Now we can do this manually.
OK.
Like he's saying right here so I'll show you right now how to do this.
Or you can do composite require which is a lot easier.
OK.
We're going to do it manually.
And just to show you.
So let's go to composer that Jason just in case in the future you have a problem.
You can do this manually.
So go to comport with that Jason.
All right.
And you're going to answer this right here.
Copy it.
And as you can see this line right here where this require That's where you're going to do it.
All right.
So make sure you put a coal mine here and then that's line you're going to place that information that
you use copy it.
All right cool.
Now all you got to do is go come here and do composer require.
All right.
Actually composer of the I'm sorry.
Answer.
There we go.
So it's update now we've got to let this finish
by computer it took like around 20 seconds or a little more to do all this.
They removed the early years and they removed this one installed the new version right here 5.2 to 9
and they installed this guy right here.
And as you can see right now watch now all we have to do is we have to go to come Feg is going to come
config right here.
And then we have to go to app and then we've got to add the service provider right here anywhere.
All right this other providers This is where you install your plug ins.
So right here if you go back to that documentation is going to copy this
and you add in this line right here.
OK.
Now you can that also the aliases that come back here copy and you can see they says alias here.
This is so that way you can use these classes with another name.
All right so you're going to enter and paste it in here.
And I it.
All right cool.
Let's go to composer Jason real quick and make sure our of collective is actually in place there.
It looks like it is.
OK.
So now let's go back to for and make sure that it's actually working.
And what I mean for I mean the creator.
Let's go there.
And what I'm going to do there is going to try to use it.
OK.
So an hour later and we open up then this is where we do this.
We open up the first curly brackets and then a and then two exclamation on each side.
All right to create the form.
So we use this function.
Right.
Because remember when we are doing this to curly brackets while we're doing this we're doing some
we are this we are filtering or I think we're doing the male var entities when we do this.
And basically when you do exclamation.
Here is that you are telling it to Nuffield or anything.
OK.
So we're going to open up the form and let's go to create and if it doesn't work.
If for some reason you did not add it it means that our configuration composer that Jason this stuff
that we just installed is now working.
All right.
It was failed.
So let's go and open up a browser and we already have one open.
And let's go to
see a mess.
The Poles create Antar.
And as you can see it is working so I'm going to inspect it.
Right.
And let's look at a form real quick as you can see right now is producing the form for us metal poles
by default is giving us the action to pulls forward slash create.
All right.
And he's even giving us a chart character set of UTF and.
So it is working guys anywhere on the next lecture will continue with this and I'll show you how to
create inputs and how to even pass parameters.
So this really cool functions.
Thank you so much and I'll see you then.
Bye bye